EDITORIAL CLOSING: XMPP Newsletter month about August 2020 (#756)
xsf/xmpp.org: content/posts/newsletter/2020-08-08.md

The Android client aTalk 2.4.0 has been released. [Changes](https://github.com/cmeng-git/atalk-android/blob/master/aTalk/ReleaseNotes.txt) are mainly internal with several libraries upgrades and compilation fixes. It was followed by version 2.4.1 which fixes an Android Q specific storage issue.

The desktop client [Dino received a NGI0 PET Fund](https://dino.im/blog/2020/08/setting-out-for-calls-and-conferences/) which is is managed by NLnet which further receives financial support from European Commission’s Next Generation Internet programme. This allows the developer to implement video and audio calls into their clients. This is really great news!

> [Kaidan 0.6.0 has been released](https://www.kaidan.im/2020/08/20/kaidan-0.6.0/)! The update includes a new offline message queue as well as an improved message correction. There is upstream HTTP file upload implementation now and also further refactoring.

Reviewer: Thanks @Echolon! I would adjust the text a bit:

```suggestion
[Kaidan 0.6.0 has been released](https://www.kaidan.im/2020/08/20/kaidan-0.6.0/)! The update includes stability fixes, a new offline message queue and an improved message correction. Furthermore, the upstream HTTP File Upload implementation of its XMPP library [QXmpp](https://github.com/qxmpp-project/qxmpp) is used now.
```
